[Music]
everything was done virtually but just
stepping back to when people think about
this sort of deal see globally a lot of
deals happen in insurance
I think what people uh underestimate is
people often look at financial services
from a balance sheet size perspective
but you look at the volume of
transactions that go through in India is
of a totally different genre yeah so
when you had something like a bharti AXA
and icsa Lumbar coming together it's the
probably the largest deal in the
insurance World in India that's ever
happened so far so I think that was one
thing that was sort of I would say very
unique about this deal just another tell
you scale think about it there were 16
000 Distributors that we needed to bring
on together they were 3400 employees
that were in Bahamas in terms of them
and bhargav's agenda was always to
observe them absorb them in a very
gentle Manner and you know bring them in
as a family rather than sort of make
them feel that they're new in the
environment I think that was the second
one you just think about we had about
three crore sort of uh customer letters
to send out they were 140 branches of
bharti that we had to uh think about on
top of that the product portfolios were
very different
the technology systems were different
they had a different data system we had
a different data system all of that so
as you put it all together
I would probably say and I worked on a
lot of global insurance deals uh
historically I would say this was done
in a pretty rapid manner in a very very
transparent manner so building
relationships with people on both sides
building trust then delivering at speed
all of us then that was done in a
virtual environment so yeah I'd say it
was pretty unique in that sense
[Music]